Let's see how the stocks work.
The first thing I want you to understand
is the concept.
Existences are, explained in a
simple way, what we have, see,
raw materials, commodities,
etc.
And we did not sell.
They are the raw materials,
the commodities we have manufactured
or bought, but have not
yet sold.
And they are still in our warehouse,
in our company and therefore in
the balance sheet.
In the current balance sheet, we
have them in the current asset.
You probably already know it, because
we've seen it before.
It is one of the most common, most
important operating assets.
And, in addition, I want you to know
that the calculation of the
value of stocks affects the status
of results, affects the calculation
of the outcome of the exercise, here,
in the cost of sales.
That is why we are now looking
at it, within the results section.
We are looking for a
second-hand car sales
business.
I will explain how stocks
work.
We buy second-hand cars
and sell them.
We bought a car.
The first, we give a spending,
buy goods, a spending worth $10,
000 and that money goes out
of the bank.
We buy another car, in this case for 8,
000, we return to a spending, we
already have a spending, we already
have for 18,000 and we buy another
car, in this case 11,000.
We have already spent 29,000 euros
in this year.
This year we have sold
nothing.
This is an extreme case, but I want
you to understand it that way.
We have sold nothing.
Then we will calculate the result
of the exercise and we have sales
of zero minus the cost of sales,
which would be those purchases
we made for a value of 29.
000.
The total amount of the exercise is 29,000.
We have a loss of 29,000.
Is this real?
Is it logical?
Is it real?
No is no.
Why is?
We have three cars.
We have three cars worth
29,000 euros that we have
not sold, but we have
them.
They are the property of the company,
they are an asset we have.
Therefore, and I want you to stay with
this, we will only account for the
purchase or expenses associated
with goods that we have already
sold as a cost to calculate the
outcome of the exercise.
If you haven't sold it, it's still
in the asset.
You do not consider it a cost.
It is quite logical.
As I said, we have three cars.
In that year, we lost
29,000 euros.
Wouldn't it be real?
We have an asset of 29,
000 euros.
This accounting works
in this way.
At the end of the exercise,
we create an asset account
that is the stock account
worth $29,000.
And we will give a positive
income or result with the stock
variation account for the same
amount.
Here you will see.
What we do is wake you up.
Look, we will see.
We had a sales cost of 29,000 and
now we have given an income,
a positive result that compensates
those 29,000.
Therefore, we will consider
that the cost of sales is zero.
This year the profit was zero.
Because we have sold nothing.
The cost of sales
is zero.
We will then move it to the
balance sheet.
Let us make a quick look.
The important thing is this.
We will only consider the expenditure
of the goods that leave the
company, of the goods we sell.
So, in the case we have
seen, buy selling cars,
buy cars, we are spending
at that time.
At that time we are spending.
As you can see here,
buying goods is a result account.
But what we do is
later, as we haven't sold
any, we adjust it.
Why is?
Because stocks have grown
by $29,000.
So in the results state
we will not consider that
we bought 29,000.
If not, we will consider
zero cost sales.
Because we haven't sold them.
And finally that asset we
have, which are the three cars,
is in the current asset, in
the stock account.